beerconomy.com -- I Owe You A Beer!

you send a link to someone, saying "I owe you a beer, [dude/chica/homie/whatever]." You have 3 beers to give every day. None on a sunday.

That link takes you to a screen where you can accept the beer (sign in or register).

Your profile shows how many beers you've been given, which people have given you beers, and who you've given beers to.

There is a world map showing where people were when they were giving you a beer.




Pick a username and password; we don't want your e-mail. If you don't enter your e-mail address, make sure to pick a really stupid password so that you don't forget it.

Let users enter their e-mail only if they want to be able to recover a password.

How to keep from people gifting fake beers?
    -give a randomID to the beer


###########
# Views:
###########
-USER:
    -home (show beers received, beers given, map of last 100 received beers)

    -giveBeer (if logged in and you have a beer available, you can gift someone a beer) -- generate beer gift link

    -receiveBeer (if logged out, offer login/register) (if logged in, receive the beer at a special celebratory screen)

    -new



###########
# DATABASE:
###########
user {
    username
    passwdhash (salt + hash, bcrypt)
    email
    joindate
    beersGiven: array of userIDs
    beersReceived: array of beerIDs
}
beer {
    sponsor (user)
    recipient (user)
    givenAt (creation timestamp)
    givenFromLocation (geolocation)
    beerRandomID (randomID)
    receivedAt (timestamp, null until accepted)
}

Relationships:
user has many beers
beer has TWO users (has many?)
beer belongs to ONE user (but was given_by another)
# the problem with this is that finding "who has this user GIVEN beers to" requires parsing ALL beers to see which were given_by this user.



DONE:
apt-get install postgresql-9.4 postgresql-server-dev-9.4
su - postgres
create role beerapp with createdb login password 'oij34c8902ckdhsaH'
# ctrl-d

rails new myapp --database=postgresql

# changed dev DB to sqlite3

rails generate model User name:string passhash:string email:string beersGiven:array beersReceived:array

rails generate model Beer sponsor:integer recipient:integer lat:string lon:string randID:string receivedAt:timestamp



SETUP:

bundle exec rake db:migrate


# ugliness (for conflicting/outdated/stale gems and stuff)
bundle exec rake rails:update:bin


DEBUGGING
byebug gem is included; just add 'byebug' to set a breakpoint


